.\" man page for thermostat

.TH THERMOSTAT 1

.\"
.\" File Name macro.
.\"
.de FN
\fI\|\\$1\|\fP
..

.SH NAME
thermostat \- A monitoring and serviceability tool for OpenJDK

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "thermostat"
[
.I global_options
]
.I "command"
[
.I command_options
]
[
.I command_arguments
]
.br
.B "thermostat"
.B "help"
.br
.B "thermostat"
.B "help"
.I "command"

.SH DESCRIPTION
Thermostat is an instrumentation tool for the Hotspot JVM, with support for
monitoring multiple JVM instances on multiple hosts, optionally in a cloud
environment. The name Thermostat is intended as a play on words: Thermostat is
to Hotspot much as IcedTea is to Java.
.br
Some goals of Thermostat are:
.IP \[bu] 2
We want a tool that allows users of IcedTea/OpenJDK to monitor running JVMs, especially remote JVMs.
.IP \[bu]
Both high level (uptime, cpu and memory usage) and low level (including hotspot's perf data) information should be available through the tool.
.IP \[bu]
The tool should be usable in a production environment, with minimal overhead.

.SH OPTIONS
.SS "Global Options"
  --print-osgi-info     Print debug information related to the OSGi framework's
                        boot/shutdown process.
  --ignore-bundle-versions
                        Ignore exact bundle versions and use whatever version is
                        available.
  --boot-delegation     Boot delegation string passed on to the OSGi framework.
                        Defaults to
                        "com.redhat.thermostat.vm.profiler.agent.jvm,com.redhat.thermostat.vm.profiler.agent.asm,com.redhat.thermostat.vm.profiler.agent.asm.commons"

.SS "Command Options and Command Arguments"
Please see 
.B "thermostat help"
.I "command"
for options and arguments for a
.I command.

.SH "COMMAND OVERVIEW"
.SS "thermostat help"
  show help for a given command or help overview
.SS "thermostat storage <--start|--stop|--status> [--dryRun] [-q] [-l <level>]"
  control Thermostat mongodb storage
.SS "thermostat agent [-d <url>] [-s] [-l <level>]"
  starts the Thermostat agent
.SS "thermostat gui [-l <level>]"
  starts the graphical user interface client
.SS "thermostat shell"
  starts the Thermostat interactive shell
.SS "thermostat web-storage-service"
  starts mongodb storage, an embedded servlet container and an agent

.SH "COMMAND REFERENCE"
Please see "\fBthermostat help\fP \fIcommand\fP" for detailed options and arguments of each command.
"\fBthermostat help\fP", without a specific command argument, lists all available commands.

.SH "FILES"
.PD 0
.TP
.FN THERMOSTAT_HOME/etc/db.properties
System configuration for mongodb storage
.TP
.FN USER_THERMOSTAT_HOME/etc/db.properties
User specific configuration for mongodb storage. Overrides system configuration.
.TP
.FN THERMOSTAT_HOME/etc/agent.properties
System configuration for agent
.TP
.FN USER_THERMOSTAT_HOME/etc/agent.properties
User specific configuration for agent. Overrides system configuration.
.TP
.FN USER_THERMOSTAT_HOME/etc/agent.auth
User specific storage connection credentials configuration for agent.
.TP
.FN THERMOSTAT_HOME/etc/ssl.properties
System configuration for TLS
.TP
.FN USER_THERMOSTAT_HOME/etc/ssl.properties
User specific configuration for TLS.

.SH "BUGS"
If you think you've found a bug in thermostat please make sure that it really is a bug, and that it appears in the latest version of thermostat.
The latest version is always  available from
.UR "http://icedtea.classpath.org/hg/thermostat/"
.BR "http://icedtea.classpath.org/hg/thermostat/".
You can file thermostat bugs at:
.UR "http://icedtea.classpath.org/bugzilla/"
.BR "http://icedtea.classpath.org/bugzilla/"

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.UR "http://icedtea.classpath.org/thermostat/"
.BR "http://icedtea.classpath.org/thermostat/"
.br
.UR "http://icedtea.classpath.org/wiki/Thermostat/UserGuide"
.BR "http://icedtea.classpath.org/wiki/Thermostat/UserGuide"
